Well, perhaps you found it comforting to read the thought in our comments that bearing fruit
Cannot refer to new disciples who we may be privileged to make and for good reason
Because we all have different circumstances. We preach in different territories, and we do it under different conditions
But instead the fruit we bear according to John 15 to
refers to our activity
Approaching the good news and this is clearly an activity that Jesus and his father are very interested in
It was mentioned, but you notice how Jesus emphasized this point again in verse 8
He says
My father is glorified in this that you keep bearing much fruit
and prove yourselves my disciples
So our activity brings praise and glory to Jehovah
So within the limits of our individual circumstances
You and I should look for ways to keep bearing fruit
In other words, we should be looking for ways to keep progressing
in our activity as Christian ministers
Well, how do we do that?
Well, we know that our ministry is part of our spiritual warfare
So let's just discuss this progression by comparing spiritual warfare
to physical warfare
And we'll do this by looking at a particular group of warriors the Benjaminites
Now, let's just note one similar characteristic. Turn with me please the judges chapter 20
In judges chapter 20
Noverse 16
It says in this army were 700 chosen men who were left-handed
Every one of these men could sling a stone to within a hair breath and would not miss
Well, clearly these chosen men were highly accurate in hitting their mark
What do you think would be involved in developing this level of accuracy?
Well, no one reference works stated
It said
These men fought a specialized course because the sling required a much higher level of intensive training
The sling had to be practiced from childhood to achieve an adequate level of proficiency
Therefore, cultures with a heritage of mastering the sling began the instruction as early as possible
Now when you think about that and we think about our heritage as God's servants
Isn't it true that one of the first things we learn early on is to read
study
and be proficient in our use of God's word
And this is something that we're encouraged to do daily not just to help ourselves
But to help others as well
We know when we take the time to study and get the sense of what we read
We see the benefits. It strengthens our faith
We gain an accurate knowledge of what the Bible teaches
And then we work to convey that message accurately to others
We recognize the power of God's word
And we let the Bible serve as the authority as we speak to others
It reminds me of a sister who was approached by a man who wanted to know why she was one of Jehovah's Witnesses
And why Jehovah's Witnesses preach
So as she was explaining to him she pulled out her Bible and he stops her and he says no no no no
Don't don't show me anything from the Bible just just speak from your heart
And as this is said well, I can't do that
And he says no you need to understand the Bible is just the book. It's a nice guide
And she said well actually it's much more than that if you let it
So he agreed to read second Timothy chapter three verse 16 and 17
And as she was explaining the verse to him
The man just stood there silent
Just staring at the verse
Finally he said
I've never seen this before
That's pretty good
Then he pulls out his phone and says you mind if I take a picture of that
Well clearly what he read had an impact on him
And the more proficient we are in using God's word accurately
The better chance we'll have of hitting the mark hitting the heart of our listeners
Let's note another characteristic of the Benjaminites this time in the book of first chronicles
First chronicles chapter 12 and we'll read first chronicles 12 verse 2
It says they were armed with the bow
And they could use both the right hand and the left hand to sling stones or to shoot arrows with the bow
They were of the brothers of Saul from Benjamin
The skill level of the Benjaminites allowed them to be adaptable
So whether it was a change in hand or a change in weapon
It didn't matter
They were equipped to
Meet any attack from either side
I can you imagine what an advantage that most have given them
Well in a similar sense
We too don't want to be defeated by any initial objections we may encounter
So we must look for the best ways to be adaptable the best way to get our message across
And using the teaching toolbox is a great help
Because the toolbox is designed in such a way where each tool has a specific purpose
So we have to think about our objective what are we looking to do
Are we looking to introduce ourselves and our work to someone?
Well, we have various tools for that
Or perhaps we're speaking with some of our family members
And we're looking for ways to stimulate their interest or teach them the truth
Well, we have tools for that as well
The point is we can use various tools
To help us adapt
According to the need
Have something else that can help prize you noticed on the website
How the topics featured on the homepage are adapted to present circumstances
You think about at the start of this pandemic the magazine featured was disease
How to reduce the risk
But then as world events developed
We saw more articles
How to deal with anxiety is protest the answer
Well in a similar way we can do the same
If we keep up with current events if we adapt our message to present circumstances
Well, certainly that's an excellent way to get our message across
Well, in just these two verses there's no question. We've seen the Benjamin knights were mighty
Highly skilled warriors with a unique skill set
But here's a question
Did that skill guarantee them victory
Every time they fought if we go back to judges chapter 20
This chapter details and account where the Benjamin knights refused to hand over to their Israelite brothers
The perpetrators of a morally disgraceful act
So the tribes of Israel decided to
Band together and wage war
Against the Benjamin knights for their crime
Now even though the Benjamin knights had quite the army
When those tribes came together and put their full trust and reliance in Jehovah
Look at verse 35 what happened
It's a Jehovah defeated Benjamin before Israel
And on that day the Israelite struck down 25,100 men and Benjamin all of them armed with swords
So Jehovah gave them the victory
But what do we take away from that?
We learned that it does not matter how much skill
Ability or talent we may have in our ministry
in our work
Or any other theocratic assignment
None of us can be victorious and bear fruit
If our relationship with Jehovah is not intact
As was mentioned bearing fruit also involves manifesting aspects of the fruitage of the spirit to a greater degree
So it's imperative it's important especially now
That we work to develop and manifest these qualities qualities that can help us to remain clean to have an approved standing before Jehovah
But these qualities can also help us to be obedient
And to also follow the direction of those taking the lead
As we speak about bearing fruit
It may be that we see this as a challenge
We may perhaps feel that our circumstances
Have limited our service to Jehovah
Well if we feel that way be assured that Jehovah understands our limitations
He certainly does not want any of us to feel pressured
He only wants us to do the best we can
Within the limits of our circumstances
But he certainly appreciates any effort we put forth
And as we've considered when we work to be proficient
In our accurate use of his word
When we strive to be adaptable as our ministry allows
And when we work to develop qualities that are pleasing to him
Then we can be assured that we are fulfilling our commission to keep bearing fruit
All to Jehovah's glory and praise